By submitting your design on this website, you expressly and irrevocably accept the following terms and conditions, and hereby undertake and agree that:<br>
<br>1. The design you are submitting is (i)your own original work, (ii)has not previously been sold, commercialized, published and its rights transferred in any way, (iii)does not contain any trademarks, logos, copyrighted, material or any other intellectual property owned by a third party;
<br>2. The competition launched by ikimuk.com ends at a specified time and date pre-set by the latter, by which the results are deemed definitive. Upon such event, ikimuk.com shall declare the Design(s) that won the competition.
Whether one design or more will be selected is kept at the entire discretion of ikimuk.com and shall not, at any time, and for any reason whatsoever, entitle you to any form of compensation.
Notwithstanding the abovementioned and provisions of clause 10, the winning design shall be that or those which received the most preorders.
<br>3. Starting from the day you submit your design until the competition ends, you shall not transfer, sell, reproduce, submit or use said design or any rights pertaining to it for any commercial purpose, for whatsoever reason, whether in written press or on the net. 
<br>4. If by the expiry of the deadline, your design has not won, you expressly agree and undertake that ikimuk.com shall retain its right to use (i.e. to upload, modify, reproduce, copy, exhibit, create derivative works, distribute, and display) said design for the purpose of promoting it and commercializing same for a 2 month period following the end of the competition; and that during this period, you shall not engage in any activity that might harm or infringe, directly or indirectly, the right of ikimuk.com to use such design. By the end of this time, you shall regain your rights to dispose of such design, whether for a commercial or a non-commercial purpose. 
<br>5. If by the expiry of the deadline, your design won, the design and all rights pertained to it shall immediately and automatically be transferred to ikimuk.com in order to be promoted and/or commercialized, mainly, but not limited to printing on apparel and any other products, noting that in all cases, ikimuk.com will use reasonable efforts to ensure that the design is exploited in the best way, and that you be always mentioned as the author of the design, unless agreed otherwise.
<br>6. In case the design is selected, you shall be entitled to a compensation of USD 300, and to 3% royalties, noting that:
<br>- these amounts are only applicable to the Design who received the most preorders, independently of the number of winners that ikimuk.com shall decide to declare, and;
<br>- such amounts are subject to change, in which case you shall be notified. 
<br>Any extra fees or taxes that arise as a result of transferring or receiving the payment from ikimuk.com or any of its partners shall be at your charge;
<br>7. Pursuant to such event by which your design won, ikimuk.com shall remain the exclusive owner of said design, the concept and the ideas. Ikimuk.com shall have the right to reproduce the Design or any parts, alterations or derivatives thereof, as well as to assign, publicly display, perform, exhibit or distribute said Design. Any interest in patents, patent applications, inventions, trade names, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, development designs shall (i) forthwith be brought to ikimuk.com’s attention so it can take proper action, and (ii) belong exclusively to ikimuk.com;
<br>8. Notwithstanding the provisions of the abovementioned, and for the sole purpose of showing your work on a personal, non-commercial way such as posting it on your personal blog, mentioning it in an article by or about you or including it in your portfolio, and in all cases, without causing any damage to ikimuk.com, to its reputation, and to its rights on the selected design, you shall remain entitled to use such design as long as ikimuk.com is expressly and clearly mentioned or credited as owner (in example: this design was made for ikimuk.com);
<br>9. The Design may be subject to adjustments or changes in order to be adapted to artwork and manufacturing requirements without necessarily obtaining your prior approval. In such case, you shall have the right to withdraw use of your name as a credit;
<br>10. You are fully aware that ikimuk.com has the right, at all time, to decline to select a design, or to remove it from the competition or from any publication and/or dissemination for any reason whatsoever, including but not limited to low preorders, poor, obscene, vulgar, profane, offensive, inappropriate design, if the design is deemed to create possible legal liabilities, etc;
<br>11. Any conflict arising from this agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Lebanese law and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent court in Lebanon. 
<br>By submitting your design to ikimuk.com, you acknowledge that you have read and fully understood these Terms and Conditions, and that you agree to be bound by them, and you wish to submit your Design on this website in accordance with them. 
